When we think of spreadsheets,
we probably think of math operations first.
So it's pretty easy to imagine some applications for them,
perhaps adding lists of money or items,
determining average prices or maybe multiplying unit
cost times the number of units as we did with the fruit stand example.
There are two kinds of arithmetic operations in spreadsheets,
those done with arithmetic operators and those that use functions.
Arithmetic operators include addition, subtraction,
multiplication and division using simple plus,
minus, asterisk and slash symbols in the formula.
Pretty much as you would actually write these out,
as with all spreadsheet formulas,
these formulas always begin with an equal sign.
The second type of math operation uses functions.
A couple of very useful statistical functions are sum and average.
Here I'm using sum to add up a range of numbers in the fruit stand example.
Previously, we did this with arithmetic operators adding each individual cell.
It's much easier to just identify a range to sum.
Average works the same way,
just select the range to get the average of it.